-Well, you know, after he
was elected president,
it was very much my hope that
he would rise to the occasion,
rise to the mantle
of the office.
And he has said
during the campaign
that he could be
extraordinary presidential.
And I think that while
he spoke of that
and while
that was my hope,
I don't think he's followed
through on that front
the way he's followed through on
some of his other promises.
-On the first day of 2019,
Mitt Romney published an op-ed
that served as a scathing review
of President Trump's character
and marked another step
in the two Republicans'
up-and-down relationship.
Romney is a former Republican
presidential candidate from Utah
who was recently elected
to the U.
S.
Senate.
Simply put in the op-ed,
Romney said the president
has not risen to
the mantle of the office,
adding that Trump's words
and actions
have caused dismay
around the world.
After reading the op-ed,
it's easy to forget that Romney
and Trump used to get along,
at least for a while.
In 2012, Trump and Romney had
a seemingly good relationship.
Trump even endorsed Romney's
run for president.
In 2016, Romney changed his tone
on Trump,
becoming one of his
most vocal critics.
-Trump is a phony, a fraud.
His promises are as worthless as
a degree from Trump University.
-And Trump fired back
a few times, too.
-The guy's a stone-cold loser.
He choked,
and when you're a choker,
you can never give a choker
a second chance.
-But after Trump
was elected in 2016,
the two were seen
dining together,
appearing to make amends.
Romney was reportedly
being considered
as Trump's
first Secretary of State.
Since then, Romney has said
that he supports
a lot of Trump's policies.
-President Trump is not
the person I wanted to become
the nominee of our party,
but he's president now.
The policies he's promoted
have been pretty effective.
-In the op-ed, Romney says
that in his role as a Senator,
which begins January 3rd,
he will not comment
on "every tweet or fault,"
but he vows to speak out
against significant statements
or actions that are divisive,
racist, sexist, anti-immigrant,
dishonest, or destructive
to democratic institutions.
-Do you regret accepting
his endorsement
when he went that tweet
during your Senate race?
-He was endorsing me.
I wasn't endorsing him.
And I haven't decided
who I'm gonna endorse in 2020.
I'm gonna wait and see
what the alternatives are.
-Well, I wish Mitt could be
more of a team player.
You know, I'm surprised
he did it this quickly.
I was expecting something,
but I'm surprised
he did it this quickly.
But I think he's gonna end up
being a team player.
I think he agrees with many
of the things that we've done
and many of the things
that we have in mind,
and we'll see what happens.